README.md, before:

# AWS Greengrass Component SDK

The `aws-greengrass-component-sdk` provides an API for making AWS IoT Greengrass
IPC calls with a small footprint. It enables Greengrass components to interact
with the Greengrass runtime (Greengrass Nucleus or Greeengrass Nucleus Lite)
with less binary overhead and also supports components written in C. Greengrass
components can use this SDK as an alternative to the `aws-iot-device-sdk-cpp-v2`
or other language-specific device SDKs.

### ⚠️ Important Notice ⚠️

This library is in pre-release status. We encourage users to test it and report
any bugs or missing features.

For development purposes, it is recommended to pin your usage to a specific
commit or tag.

## Building

For building the SDK and samples, see the [build guide](docs/BUILD.md).

## Supported Operations

The following Greengrass v2 IPC operations are currently supported by this SDK:

- [PublishToTopic](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/greengrass/v2/developerguide/ipc-publish-subscribe.html#ipc-operation-publishtotopic)
- [SubscribeToTopic](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/greengrass/v2/developerguide/ipc-publish-subscribe.html#ipc-operation-subscribetotopic)
- [PublishToIoTCore](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/greengrass/v2/developerguide/ipc-iot-core-mqtt.html#ipc-operation-publishtoiotcore)
- [SubscribeToIoTCore](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/greengrass/v2/developerguide/ipc-iot-core-mqtt.html#ipc-operation-subscribetoiotcore)
- [UpdateState](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/greengrass/v2/developerguide/ipc-component-lifecycle.html#ipc-operation-updatestate)
- [GetConfiguration](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/greengrass/v2/developerguide/ipc-component-configuration.html#ipc-operation-getconfiguration)
- [UpdateConfiguration](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/greengrass/v2/developerguide/ipc-component-configuration.html#ipc-operation-updateconfiguration)
- [SubscribeToConfigurationUpdate](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/greengrass/v2/developerguide/ipc-component-configuration.html#ipc-operation-subscribetoconfigurationupdate)
- RestartComponent

## Sample Generic Components

For deployment instructions, see the
[samples deployment guide](samples/README.md).

- [IoT Core MQTT Pub/Sub](samples/iot_core_mqtt/)
- [Update State](samples/update_state/)
- [Configuration Operations](samples/config/)
- [Subscribe to Configuration Update](samples/subscribe_to_configuration_update/)
- [Restart Component](samples/restart_component/)

## Security

See [CONTRIBUTING](docs/CONTRIBUTING.md#security-issue-notifications) for more
information.

## License

This project is licensed under the Apache-2.0 License.

Commit message:

Update docs to mention C++ and Rust

README.md, after:

# AWS Greengrass Component SDK

The `aws-greengrass-component-sdk` is a small-footprint library providing APIs
for making AWS IoT Greengrass IPC calls in C, Rust, and C++. It enables
Greengrass components to interact with the Greengrass runtime (Greengrass
Nucleus or Greeengrass Nucleus Lite) with less binary overhead. Components can
use this SDK as an alternative to the `aws-iot-device-sdk-cpp-v2` or other
language-specific device SDKs.

### ⚠️ Important Notice ⚠️

This library is in pre-release status. We encourage users to test it and report
any bugs or missing features.

For development purposes, it is recommended to pin your usage to a specific
commit or tag.

## Building

For building the SDK and samples for C and/or C++, see the
[build guide](docs/BUILD.md).

For Rust, the `rust` subdirectory provides a Rust crate.

## Supported Operations

The following Greengrass v2 IPC operations are currently supported by this SDK:

- [PublishToTopic](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/greengrass/v2/developerguide/ipc-publish-subscribe.html#ipc-operation-publishtotopic)
- [SubscribeToTopic](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/greengrass/v2/developerguide/ipc-publish-subscribe.html#ipc-operation-subscribetotopic)
- [PublishToIoTCore](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/greengrass/v2/developerguide/ipc-iot-core-mqtt.html#ipc-operation-publishtoiotcore)
- [SubscribeToIoTCore](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/greengrass/v2/developerguide/ipc-iot-core-mqtt.html#ipc-operation-subscribetoiotcore)
- [UpdateState](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/greengrass/v2/developerguide/ipc-component-lifecycle.html#ipc-operation-updatestate)
- [GetConfiguration](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/greengrass/v2/developerguide/ipc-component-configuration.html#ipc-operation-getconfiguration)
- [UpdateConfiguration](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/greengrass/v2/developerguide/ipc-component-configuration.html#ipc-operation-updateconfiguration)
- [SubscribeToConfigurationUpdate](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/greengrass/v2/developerguide/ipc-component-configuration.html#ipc-operation-subscribetoconfigurationupdate)
- RestartComponent

## Sample Generic Components

For deployment instructions, see the
[samples deployment guide](samples/README.md).

C samples:

- [IoT Core MQTT Pub/Sub](samples/iot_core_mqtt/)
- [Update State](samples/update_state/)
- [Configuration Operations](samples/config/)
- [Subscribe to Configuration Update](samples/subscribe_to_configuration_update/)
- [Restart Component](samples/restart_component/)

Rust samples (use same recipe as corresponding C sample):

- [IoT Core MQTT Pub/Sub](rust/examples/iot_core_mqtt.rs)
- [Update State](rust/examples/update_state.rs)
- [Configuration Operations](rust/examples/config.rs)
- [Subscribe To Configuration Update](rust/examples/subscribe_to_configuration_update.rs)
- [Restart Component](rust/examples/restart_component.rs)

C++ samples:

- [Local Pub/Sub](cpp/samples/pubsub_cpp)
- [Configuration Operations](cpp/samples/config_ipc)
- [Manipulaing SDK data structures](cpp/samples/object_manipulation)

## Security

See [CONTRIBUTING](docs/CONTRIBUTING.md#security-issue-notifications) for more
information.

## License

This project is licensed under the Apache-2.0 License.
